======================
Pulp 2.1 Release Notes
======================

Pulp 2.1.1
==========

Pulp 2.1.1 is a bugfix release that also comes with a few performance improvements.

Changes
-------

A new config option may be passed when making a copy request between two
repositories. If ``copy_children=False`` is passed as part of the override
config when copying errata, groups, or categories, then the child packages of
those units will not be copied. This saves time when copying an entire
repository, because for example, you can tell the group copy operation not to
worry about finding and retrieving the RPMs referenced by each group.

Noteworthy Bugs Fixed
---------------------

:bz:`873313` - Very high memory usage during repo sync

:bz:`947208` - RFE: Add proxy server support to the ISO importer

:bz:`949004` - The ISO Importer does not build the URL for the PULP_MANIFEST
correctly

:bz:`949008` - The ISO importer set the SSL_VERIFY_HOST value to 1, when it
should be 2

:bz:`953665` - Copying large repo uses tons of RAM and takes too long

Upgrade Instructions
--------------------

Upgrade the Pulp Packages
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Please see the
`Pulp Platform upgrade instructions <https://pulp-user-guide.readthedocs.org/en/pulp-2.1.1/release-notes.html>`_
for information on how to complete the upgrade.

Pulp 2.1.0
==========

New Features
------------

#. Pulp 2.1 now supports Fedora 18 and Apache 2.4.

CLI Changes
-----------

#. The pulp-consumer bind and unbind operations have been moved out of the Pulp project into this project.
   These operations can now be found under pulp-consumer rpm {bind,unbind}.
#. The ``pulp-admin rpm consumer [list, search, update, unregister, history]`` commands from this project have
   been moved into the Pulp project, and can now be found under ``pulp-admin consumer *``.

Export Distributor Publishing Path
----------------------------------

The export distributor now published to a different absolute URL path than it did in Pulp 2.0. Previously, the
exported ISOs were published on the Pulp server under ``/pulp/isos/``. They will now be published under
``/pulp/exports/``. It is the user's responsibility to move any ISOs they have exported out of
``/pulp/isos/`` before upgrading. This will be covered in the :ref:`upgrade_instructions`.

.. _upgrade_instructions:

Upgrade Instructions
--------------------

Migrate Exported ISOs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before upgrading, we will need to migrate any exported ISOs that were created using the export distributor to
their new location for Pulp 2.1. These ISOs can be in two different places in your filesystem, depending on
whether they were published over HTTP or HTTPS, or both. The HTTP published ISOs will be found in
``/var/lib/pulp/published/http/isos/``. If there are any files or folders in that location, you can move them to
their new location, or remove them if you do not need them anymore. This command will move them::

    $ sudo mv /var/lib/pulp/published/http/isos /var/lib/pulp/published/http/exports

Similarly, ISOs published over HTTPS will be found in ``/var/lib/pulp/published/https/isos/``. If you do not
wish to remove them, you can move them with this command::

    $ sudo mv /var/lib/pulp/published/https/isos /var/lib/pulp/published/https/exports

Upgrade the Pulp Packages
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Please see the
`Pulp Platform upgrade instructions <https://pulp-user-guide.readthedocs.org/en/pulp-2.1/release-notes.html#upgrade-instructions-for-2-0-2-1>`_
for information on how to complete the upgrade.
