=======================
Pulp 2.17 Release Notes
=======================


Pulp 2.17.1
===========

Bug Fixes
---------

See the list of :fixedbugs_pulp_rpm:`2.17.1`


Pulp 2.17.0
===========

New Features
------------

* The `gpg_key_id` yum distributor configuration value was previously ignored
  unless `gpg_cmd` was configured.  It is now used with the default GPG signing
  command when `gpg_cmd` is not configured.

* The export distributor now generates a ``*.iso.DIGESTS`` file along with the ISO.
  This file will contain md5, sha1, sha224, sha256, sha384, and sha512 digests of the ISO.

* RPM content unit dependency solving during e.g recursive copies now utilizes
  `libsolv` which was added as a `python-pulp-rpm` dependency too.

* The rich/boolean dependency solving is now supported when e.g recursively
  copying RPM content between repositories.

* More conservative dependency solving is now supported when e.g recursively
  copying RPM content between repositories.

* The weak forward dependency `recommends` is now processed when e.g recursively
  copying RPM content between repositories.

* Advanced support for modular content is introduced. In addition to regular sync and publish
  of modules and it's defaults, it is possibile to upload them into Pulp by providing a yaml doc
  file. Copy and removal is also possible. To trigger recursive mode for modules, `recursive` option
  should be set to True. Use standard Pulp REST API endpoints to perform upload, copy and removal of
  modular content.
  Technical refernce of newly added content types `modulemd` and `modulemd_defaults` is available
  `here <https://docs.pulpproject.org/plugins/pulp_rpm/tech-reference/yum-plugins.html#module-metadata>`_.

Backwards-incompatible changes
------------------------------

* SSL client certificates of protected repositories were renamed from
  `client.crt` to `<repo_id>_client.crt` to avoid the known SSL error `Error:
  sslclientcert basename shared between foo and bar`
