=======================
Pulp 2.19 Release Notes
=======================

Pulp 2.19.1
===========

Bug Fixes
---------

See the list of :fixedbugs_pulp_rpm:`2.19.1`

* Upgrade (from <=2.16 to 2.17+) fix: `Issue 4741 <https://pulp.plan.io/issues/4741>`_

  * Old experimental modular content which doesn't contain all the necessary information,
    like in Fedora 26, is skipped during migration and unassociated from a repo. Such
    content becomes orphaned and can be removed from Pulp with the orphan cleanup task.

* Module copy fix: `Issue 4718 <https://pulp.plan.io/issues/4718>`_

  * Module are *always* copied with its available artifacts (RPMs) now. This is done to preserve
    module integrity to the extent possible.


Pulp 2.19.0
===========

New Features
------------

* Module dependencies are now getting resolved during recursive copy.
  More information about how recursive copy works for different RPM content types can be found
  in the :ref:`advanced_copy_between_repositories` section of the docs.
* Performance improvement for the RPM upload workflow.


Bug Fixes
---------

* Various fixes for managing modularity content.
* Account for duplicate SRPMs when skipping them, some SLES repos were affected.
* force_full option is working correctly now for distribution units (kickstart trees).
* Published structure is fixed for distribution units - it no longer contains packages in the
  ``Packages/`` directory duplicated from the requested publish path.

See the full list of :fixedbugs_pulp_rpm:`2.19.0`
