======================
Pulp 2.2 Release Notes
======================

Pulp 2.2.0
==========

New Features
------------

* The yum importer is all-new. It performs sync operations in less time, and it
  uses much less RAM than in the past.
* The ISO Distributor now supports repository protection. See the API documentation for more details.
* The ISO Importer now allows ISO uploads.
* The ISO Importer now allows synchronization cancellation.

CLI Changes
-----------

* The ``pulp-admin rpm repo uploads rpm`` command now supports a flag (``--skip-existing``) to skip
  re-uploading packages that are already in the destination repository.
* The ``pulp-admin rpm repo copy`` command now has a ``--all`` flag.
* Many commands that used to display a task ID will now automatically poll the
  server and display progress until the task is complete.
* There is a new ISO section in the pulp-admin client. It currently allows syncing, creating, and updating
  repositories.

API Changes
-----------

Yum Importer
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Some of the configuration names for the yum importer have changed. See the table below for the mapping
of old names to new names.

+----------------------+------------------+
| Old name             | New Name         |
+======================+==================+
| feed_url             | feed             |
+----------------------+------------------+
| ssl_verify           | ssl_validation   |
+----------------------+------------------+
| num_threads          | max_downloads    |
+----------------------+------------------+
| proxy_url            | proxy_host       |
+----------------------+------------------+
| proxy_user           | proxy_username   |
+----------------------+------------------+
| proxy_pass           | proxy_password   |
+----------------------+------------------+
| verify_checksum      | validate         |
+----------------------+------------------+
| remove_old           | remove_missing   |
+----------------------+------------------+
| num_old_packages     | retain_old_count |
+----------------------+------------------+

The following configuration values are no longer supported.

``newest``
  The idea of only downloading the newest RPM is handled by the ``retain_old_count`` value.

``verify_size``
  Verifying the size and checksum have been consolidated into a single parameter called ``validate``.
  During migration, the value for ``validate`` will be set on existing repositories using the
  ``verify_checksum`` value.

All existing yum importers will be migrated by pulp-manage-db, but any non-Pulp code that creates
or updates yum importers with the API will need to be updated to use these new names.

ISO Importer
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Some of the configuration names for the ISO importer have changed. See the table below for the mapping
of old names to new names.

+----------------------+----------------+
| Old name             | New Name       |
+======================+================+
| feed_url             | feed           |
+----------------------+----------------+
| num_threads          | max_downloads  |
+----------------------+----------------+
| proxy_url            | proxy_host     |
+----------------------+----------------+
| proxy_user           | proxy_username |
+----------------------+----------------+
| remove_missing_units | remove_missing |
+----------------------+----------------+
| validate_units       | validate       |
+----------------------+----------------+


All existing ISO importers will be migrated by pulp-manage-db, but any non-Pulp code that creates
or updates ISO importers with the API will need to be updated to use these new names.


Upgrade Instructions
--------------------

Please see the
`Pulp Platform upgrade instructions <https://pulp-user-guide.readthedocs.org/en/pulp-2.2/release-notes.html>`_
for information on how to complete the upgrade.

The location of the global configuration file for the yum importer has changed. Any
custom changes to the pre-2.2.0 file
(``/usr/lib/pulp/plugins/importers/yum_importer/yum_importer.conf``), such as those
suggested when :ref:`configuring a proxy <configure-proxy>`, are removed during upgrade.
The new location of this file is ``/etc/pulp/server/plugins.conf.d/yum_importer.json``.
Keep in mind the configuration property name changes above when re-adding proxy
information.

Pulp 2.2.1
==========

Multiple proxy-related issues related to authentication and HTTPS to the proxy
were fixed in :bz:`1022662` and :bz:`1014368`.

A :bz:`version comparison bug <1026907>` that caused recursive copies to not
copy all dependencies was fixed.

A race condition with XML namespace parsing :bz:`was fixed <1019865>`.

Several ISO-related bugs were fixed. They can be seen in the list of
:fixedbugs:`all fixed bugs <2.2.1>`.
