=======================
Pulp 2.21 Release Notes
=======================

Pulp 2.21.5
===========

Bug Fixes
---------

* Greatly improved performance of no-op copy operations.
* Fixed a problem with dependency-solving on copy.

See the full list of :fixedbugs_pulp_rpm:`2.21.5`

Pulp 2.21.4
===========

Bug Fixes
---------

* Fixed a permissions-issue that blocked pulp2to3 migrations.
* Fixed memory-usage issue when publishing repositories with large metadata files.
* Fixed an issue with handling Amazon Linux repositories.
* Dropped a createrepo_c option that could thrash /tmp .


See the full list of :fixedbugs_pulp_rpm:`2.21.4`

Pulp 2.21.3
===========

Bug Fixes
---------

* Fixed repository deletion faulure due to a missing listing file.
* Fixed bug where remove_missing would not remove srpms.

See the full list of :fixedbugs_pulp_rpm:`2.21.3`


Pulp 2.21.2
===========

Bug Fixes
---------

* Fixed slow migraiton of modular conent.
* Fixed some applicability performance issues.
* Fixed no-op publish cases when mutable content is present in multiple repositories.
* Fixed sha512 validation failure.

See the full list of :fixedbugs_pulp_rpm:`2.21.2`


Pulp 2.21.1
===========

Bug Fixes
---------

* Fixed modulemd_defaults upload/copy collision traceback.
* rsync should use --skip-existing to avoid creating remote existing directories.
* Fixed publishing an empty ISO repo no longer publishes PULP_MANIFEST.
* Fixed issue when non-modular rpms were marked as modular.
* yum_distributor wrongly skips publish after update of multi-repo errata.
* After using the /associate endpoint, publish of the new repository fails.
* Recursive-conservative needs to do one solve.transaction().


See the full list of :fixedbugs_pulp_rpm:`2.21.1`


Pulp 2.21.0
===========

New Features
------------

* Module defaults are automatically copied during recursive copy operations.
* Multiple source/target repositories can be used for recursive copy (part of module support).

Bug Fixes
---------

* Sync/update of errata from Amazon Linux fails due to unknown datetime format.
* During rpm upload filename should be preserved in the storage path.
* Allow versions in updateinfo to be non-numeric.


See the full list of :fixedbugs_pulp_rpm:`2.21.0`
