======================
Pulp 2.3 Release Notes
======================

Pulp 2.3.0
==========

New Features
------------

-  Users can now :ref:`export repositories <export-repos>` to a series of ISOs or
   to a location on disk that is convenient for transfer to another system.

-  The consumer applicability API is vastly different and performs much faster.
   Please see the platform developer guide for details on the new API.

-  The yum distributor now creates "listing" files in the parent directories of
   published yum repositories, all the way up the tree to the base publish path.
   These "listing" files are used by tools like Katello and Red Hat's
   subscription-manager to discover available repositories within a particular
   path.


Client Changes
--------------

-  The command ``pulp-admin iso repo content`` was renamed to ``pulp-admin iso repo isos``


Notable Bug Fixes
-----------------

-  In some cases, `repo groups were displayed with a translated name only
   <https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1021656>`_. This is fixed in 2.3,
   but a re-sync is required of any affected repository.

-  Consumers are `now notified <https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=975980>`_
   when the relative path of a bound repository is changed.

-  It is now `far more intuitive <https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=979587>`_
   to update all packages on a consumer from ``pulp-admin``.


All Bugs
--------

You can see the complete list of over 100 bugs that were
`fixed in Pulp 2.3.0 <https://bugzilla.redhat.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=VERIFIED&classification=Community&list_id=1927252&product=Pulp&query_format=advanced&target_release=2.3.0>`_.


Known Issues
------------

Fedora 19 repositories have a new data type called an "environment group" that
Pulp does not yet support. As such, you cannot use Anaconda to install Fedora 19
from a repository published by Pulp.


Pulp 2.3.1
==========

Bugs Fixed
----------

- `SRPM copy <https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1045100>`_ is now supported
  by ``pulp-admin``.

- REST API clients could `see incorrect behavior <https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1038309>`_
  if using a ``distributor_id`` value different from the ``distributor_type_id``
  when adding a distributor to a repository. This issue did not affect users who
  only use ``pulp-admin`` to interact with the REST API.