======================
Pulp 2.8 Release Notes
======================

Pulp 2.8.4
==========

Some of the improvements as resulf of :fixedbugs:`2.8.4` include:

    * Errata installation on consumers occurs much faster. The behavior is equivalent to running
      `yum update-minimal --advisories=<errata_id>,<other_errata_id>` on the consumer. This
      change requires the `yum` package on the consumer to be up to date.


Pulp 2.8.3
==========

Bug Fixes
---------

See the list of :fixedbugs:`2.8.3`

Pulp 2.8.2
==========

Due to a Pulp platform release, this plugin's version has been incremented.
There are no changes from the previous release.

Pulp 2.8.1
==========

Bug Fixes
---------

See the list of :fixedbugs:`2.8.1`


Pulp 2.8.0
==========

New Behaviors
-------------
Repo sync cancellation now exits immediately.
If the synchronization of the repo is cancelled, the worker process exits immediately with
sys.exit(). A new worker process is created immediately, so further tasks are normally picked up
and executed.

New Features
------------

* The default Apache configuration has changed in order to support deferred content
  downloading. All requests to ``/pulp/repos`` are now re-written to ``/pulp/content``.

* Yum metadata files and DRPMs can now be copied from one repository to another using CLI.

* Yum metadata files or ``metafile`` can now be searched in a repository content using CLI.

* Yum metadata files or ``metafile`` can now be removed from a repository content   using CLI.

* Relative URLs are now supported using the ``--relative-url`` option when exporting repositories.

* Repo Groups can now be exported over ``https`` by default. New options ``--serve-https`` and
  ``--serve-http`` are available for configuration.

Database Changes
----------------

The 2.8.0 release comes with strong validation enabled at the database layer. This required some
database changes to be made. These changes should go unnoticed for most users, however, for those
users integrating with Pulp in a deep way, this may affect you. This section recaps known changes.

Database Field Type Modifications
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following collections and fields have had some data quality fixes applied to avoid validation
issues.

========================= ====================== ============================================
Collection                Field Name             Data Quality Fix
========================= ====================== ============================================
units_package_category    translated_name        Previous values of "" are now {}
units_package_category    translated_description Previous values of "" are now {}
units_package_environment translated_name        Previous values of "" are now {}
units_package_environment translated_description Previous values of "" are now {}
units_package_group       translated_name        Previous values of "" are now {}
units_package_group       translated_description Previous values of "" are now {}
units_erratum             pushcount              All int and floats converted to strings. All
                                                 null values are unset.
========================= ====================== ============================================


Database Fields Renamed
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The database has renamed some field names for RPM unit models. This change should not be noticeable
through the API, but it does come with a migration which drops some indexes. The following field
names are renamed:

=========================  ==============  ======================
Collection                 Old Field Name  New Field Name
=========================  ==============  ======================
units_distribution         id              distribution_id
units_erratum              from            errata_from
units_erratum              id              errata_id
units_package_group        id              package_group_id
units_package_category     id              package_category_id
units_package_environment  id              package_environment_id
=========================  ==============  ======================

Database Index Changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following indexes have been dropped:

=========================  ==============
Collection                 Index Name
=========================  ==============
units_distribution         id_1
units_distribution         id_1_family_1_variant_1_version_1_arch_1
units_erratum              id_1
units_package_group        id_1
units_package_group        id_1_repo_id_1
units_package_category     id_1
units_package_category     id_1_repo_id_1
units_package_environment  id_1
units_package_environment  id_1_repo_id_1
=========================  ==============

Several indexes have been created, check your db to see what indexes are in place.
