======================
Pulp 2.9 Release Notes
======================

Pulp 2.9.0
==========

New Features
------------

* Now it is possible to upload ``package_environment`` element via CLI and API.
* Publication of the RPMs can now be done non-incrementally using ``--force-full`` option.
* The <langpacks> tag in comps.xml are synced and published for repositories. These units are also
  parsed on upload. ``pulp-admin`` also has upload, remove, and search support for
  package_langpacks.
* The yum distributor and export distributor now use the configured checksum type for all repo
  metadata. The pulp-admin repo "create" and "update" commands now save the specified checksum type
  on both distributors.
* The group export distributor now uses the configured checksum type for all repo metadata. The
  pulp-admin command to run a group export accepts a checksum type argument.
* Repoview support is added. The ability to generate HTML files to browse a repository can be
  enabled by using ``--repoview`` option for the yum_distributor.
* The yum distributor now supports the optional parameter
  ``packages_directory`` which can be used for custom destination directory
  for packages during the publish process.

Known Issues
------------

Several issues were reported against Pulp 2.8 that were not included in the Pulp 2.9.0 release
as a result of release timing. The list of :fixedbugs:`2.8.6` outlines these bugs, but
there is one issue in particular that can potentially break RPM repository syncing after
upgrading: :redmine:`2048`

This issue is related to resyncing errata from some repositories, and in a pulp-admin sync
operation looks like this::

    Task Failed

    Could not parse errata `updated` field: expected format '%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S'.
    Fail to update the existing erratum SOME_ERRATUM_ID.

As a workaround, you can choose to skip errata in the feed repository. To do this, you can
update the repo to skip errata::

    pulp-admin rpm repo update --repo-id <repo-id> --skip=erratum

This will be fixed in Pulp 2.9.1. If you require errata to be synced from a feed repository,
consider delaying an upgrade to Pulp 2.9 until 2.9.1 is released.
